Add unet confidence as a configurable parameter (#1156)
AFM-SPM/TopoStats: docs/configuration.md

|                                                      | `remove_disconnected_grains`                       | bool                                               | `False`                     | Whether to remove subgrains that are not connected to the original grain mask.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> |                                                      | `confidence`                                       | float                                              | `0.5`                       | Confidence threshold for the UNet model. Smaller is more generous, larger is more strict.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                                      | `confidence`                                       | float                                              | `0.5`                       | Confidence threshold for the UNet model. Smaller is more generous, large is stricter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
